hello and welcome to movies in five
minutes or less
this is a recap of the 2017 action movie
kingsman the golden circle
starring taryn edgerton and colin firth
warning spoilers ahead
one year after defeating richmond
valentine
gary eggsy onward has officially joined
kingsman
he has taken his late mentor harry
hart's position of galahad and lives in
harry's old house
exe is dating tilda the crown princess
of sweden whom he saved from valentine
in the first movie
on his way home from the kingsman taylor
shop exe is ambushed by charlie hesketh
charlie is a failed kingsman candidate
who suffered injuries to his right arm
and vocal cords during the valentine
incident
eggsy loses charlie and his henchman in
a car chase across london
however charlie severed cybernetic arm
hacks into the kingsman servers through
the computer in eggsy's car
while exe dines with his girlfriend
tilda and her family in sweden a volley
of missiles destroys the kingsman
headquarters and wipes out eggsy's best
friend roxy and all kingsman agents in
britain
the only two surviving agents of the
attack are iggsy and his colleague
merlin
they make contact with statesman the
american counterpart of kingsman by
following the doomsday protocol
in the statesman headquarters in
kentucky exe and merlin discover that
harry is still alive as he survived the
gunshot by valentine
harry is in good physical health but
suffers from an amnesia that can be
cured only by reliving a traumatic event
champagne the chief of the statesman
briefed sexy and merlin about a hidden
terrorist organization known as the
golden circle
statesman agent tequila develops a blue
rash and displays signs of mania and is
eventually replaced as eggsy's partner
by another agent whiskey
eggsy manages to plant a tracking device
inside charlie haskett's ex-girlfriend
clara during a sexual encounter at
glastonbury festival
however eggsy is estranged from tilda
after telling her beforehand what he has
to do
after several fruitless attempts to
recover harry's amnesia eggsy brings in
a yorkshire terrier puppy that looks
just like harry's late dog mr pickle and
threatens to shoot it causing harry to
relive the final test of his kingsman
training in which he was ordered to
shoot his dog
this triggers the return of harry's
memories
poppy adams is the head of world's
largest drug cartel the golden circle
she sends out a message announcing that
she has added a toxin to all of her
drugs causing users to experience
symptoms similar to tequila's before
succumbing to paralysis and death
she demonstrates the antidote on a
captive elton john and offers it to the
world if u.s president ends the drug war
and grants her cartel immunity from
prosecution
the president publicly negotiates but
secretly plans to let the infected die
because he is willing to eliminate all
drug users rendering poppy's business
useless many victims including fox who
is chief of staff are quarantined in a
stadium and left to die there
after intercepting a phone call from
clara to charlie eggsy harry and whiskey
travel to italy to the antidote factory
during an ambush by the golden circle's
henchmen eggsy manages to steal an
antidote sample but it is broken by
whiskey
during the gunfight harry shoots whiskey
in the head because he suspects him of
being a double agent but eggsy saves
whiskey with the same alpha gel that
saved terry
tilda calls eggsy in a manic state and
reveals that she has the blue rashes
before collapsing
poppy's hideout poppy land is discovered
in cambodia and eggsy harry and merlin
fly there to steal the remote control
for the antidote drones
eggsy steps on a landmine when they
arrive at poppyland but merlin saves him
by sacrificing himself and taking the
lair's guards with him
eggsy and harry storm through the lair
with eggsy killing charlie
harry destroys poppy's robotic guard
dogs with the help of elton john
they take poppy's laptop which controls
the drones that can deliver the antidote
around the world and inject her with a
concentrated dose of her toxin mixed
with heroin to dull her senses and lower
her guard
poppy who is delirious gives them the
antidote laptop password but dies from
an accidental overdose
whiskey interrupts exe and harry before
they can deploy the drones
he reveals that his wife was pregnant
with their son when she was killed by
two drug users years ago
the incident caused whiskey wanting all
drug users to die
eggsy and harry engage whiskey in a
fight at poppy's diner before forcing
him through poppy's meat grinder
they then activate the antidote drones
worldwide saving millions of lives
following the incident the president is
impeached and arrested
statesman has purchased a distillery in
scotland to aid in the rebuilding of
kingsman
champagne offers either eggsy or harry
the agent title of whiskey to avoid
confusion with two kingsman agents using
the codename galahad but they decline
statesman tech support ginger ale steps
in to fill the role
tequila moves to london to work for
kingsman and eggsy marries princess
tilda
thanks for watching movies in five
minutes or less
don't forget to subscribe to our channel
till next time